#5800: Updated cli document, with the rebuilding ecosystem info. (#323)
dependabot/cli: README.md

[smoke-tests]: https://github.com/dependabot/smoke-tests/tree/main/tests
[dependabot-updater-job]: https://github.com/dependabot/dependabot-core/blob/main/updater/lib/dependabot/job.rb
[PAT]: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token

### `ensure_equivalent_gemfile_and_lockfile` error

> Above error occurs when cli image is not up to date or cli image is not in sync with core.
> It can be resolved by rebuilding the cli image. 
> below example shows how to rebuild the cli image of `go_module` ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs when using `script/dependabot` and the Updater image is not in sync with dependabot-core. It can be resolved by rebuilding the updater image. 

For example, to rebuild the updater image of the Go ecosystem, run this in the dependabot-core repository:
```

[smoke-tests]: https://github.com/dependabot/smoke-tests/tree/main/tests
[dependabot-updater-job]: https://github.com/dependabot/dependabot-core/blob/main/updater/lib/dependabot/job.rb
[PAT]: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token

> ### Update/Rebuild cli

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this, to snap to the pattern in the troubleshooting aspects, I think the header should be the error you got, and then the body should describe how to fix it.

> ### Update/Rebuild cli

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `ensure_equivalent_gemfile_and_lockfile` error
```
